From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 27. Recorded
live Tuesday, August 10th, 2010. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Telerik rad controls, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications online@wwwdottdlerik.com. In this episode,
Scott talks about expression, super
preview with developer Mike Calvo.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman,
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. Today. I'm
sitting down with Mike
a senior development lead at
Microsoft working on super preview
and actually Mike and I
have a couple of things
in common. One of which
is that we're both remote.
So you're not in Redmond
area. No, I'm in Saint
Paul, Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minnesota,
the hotbed of Microsoft development.
That's right. That's right. We've
got a twin cities development
center about 30 developers out
here and in Minnesota. And
we're a we're building products
for the expression brand of
Microsoft products Idea that we
had people in Minnesota. Are
you affected by the Microsoft
reality distortion field that is
hovering over Redmond? Or We
try, we try not to,
but occasionally it creeps in,
but, but it's exciting to
have a chance to work
for Microsoft and not necessarily
have to relocate across the
country. Definitely. I love it.
Down here in Portland, do
you do communicator calls or
do you have like a
telepresence wall of some kind,
A lot of the communicator
calls we do a lot
of round table use a
lot of round table technology,
which has been great. And,
but yeah, I probably spend
a good four or five
hours out of my day
on communicator. Yeah. I actually
have got a machine set
up over here with a
kind of a persistent portal
rather than keeping calls up
and down all day. We
just actually made a special
account and we just keep
it on eight hours a
day. And that way someone
can stop by the office
and say, Oh, there, there
Scott. And I said, yeah,
I have to heat. Try
that one out myself. If
you got the bandwidth to
blow, right. Just keep it
on all the time and
then somebody can pop in.
So then the trick is
to go to Costco and
get somebody to sell you
a 42 inch monitor by
a big HDTV, right? Then
you plug a little laptop
into it at HTMI and
you have a giant portal
into Minnesota. Perfect idea. So
I'm thinking about, so you're
working on super preview. Now
this is part of expression.
Now, most of the people
who listen to the show
are devs. They might use
expression blend, but I think
that expression kind of tapers
off the developer side and
into the designer stuff pretty
quickly. Right? So there's products
they don't think about. Sure.
So expression web or super
is actually a product that
was originally came out as
a companion product to expression
web, which is our HTML
offering tool. And what super
preview does is it helps
you to debug cross-browser problems.
So it lets you look
at your pages as they
would render in the various
popular browsers that are out
there in the wild today.
And there's seems to be
two versions, right? I can
get a free one that
will give me a six,
seven and eight all at
the same time. Right. That's
right. That's right. We call
that the super preview for
IIE. And as you stated
that, that lets you take
a look at your page
as it would look in
all of the current versions
of it that are out
in the world today. So
I , that's a free
offering that you can download
from the expression website. The
full version of super preview
is comes as part of
the expression studio or the
expression web product that gives
you the addition of Firefox
browsers as well as just
recently released as part of
a expression studio four. We
now support a maximum, sorry.
Okay. So I've got MSDN
license, right? So the MSDN
people get this too. That's
right. That's right. With an
MSDN license, you can download
and install the full expression
studio, which would, as you
mentioned, come with blend, but
also comes with expression web
and includes super preview. Okay.
So I'm, I'm old, I've
opened up super preview here
and I put in hanselman.com.
I've got I E eight
on the right hand side
of this basic, my screen
is split into two panes
and this is kind of
nice cause I've got a
30 inch monitor. So I've
actually got the entire page
being shown there. It looks,
looks like the bigger, the
monitor, the better was a
preview. And interestingly, the whole
screen on the edges is
rulers, big pixel rulers that
go around all three of
the four edges around and
I'm going to click
and then really quickly, like
not maybe I think it
was like two seconds, three
seconds. I'm looking at a
slightly different rendering of my,
of my site on the
left. And it's subtly, it's
somehow crappier because it's ice
six. And I use this
just a couple of days
ago to figure out that
I had some PNG transparency
problems actually with the
and as I hover over
these, Oh wow, I've got
another problem now. So this
is interesting. It looks like
I've got a, an issue
where my right rail of
my blog is being pushed
out of the way. And
as I hover around on
the different elements, they, they
highlight. This is really interesting.
So for example, if I
hover over the title on
the left side, I've got
and highlights. And then
it shows me where that
highlight would be on the
other side. But if I
roll over on the browser,
it shows me where it
would be on the other
ones. So it really is
tracking somehow live between the
two instances what's what's going
on here. That's right. We
understood that, that the way
people debug cross-browser problems is
to basically look at elements
and look at debug things
kind of top to bottom.
So once you kind of
discover where things had started
to go awry, you, you
typically can, can begin that
debugging process. And so what
we do is actually pull
the Dom information out of
the browser so that we
understand what's the information that
the browser is using to
render the page. And then
what we, what we do
is allot, try to align
the Dom elements to the
core between the browsers so
that we can help somebody
diagnose where that problem can
begin. So, as you mentioned,
when you, when you click
on an element in one
of the renderings, it will
highlight it. And then what
it'll do is attempt to
find the same element in
the other Dom basically by
using its position in the
hierarchy and highlight that element
in addition, and it will
show you an outline of,
of the same region that
is on your, on the
left side, it'll show you
that highlighted so that you
can see the difference between
where the actual element is
and where it is and
the other browser. So it
really, it really gives you
a, a nice way to
see the differences between the
two browsers on an element
by element basis. Yeah. When
I, when I had my
PNG problem, my, it turns
out that my header was
a PNG that was transparent,
and I had no idea
that on  it was
coming out kind of like
gray, the transparency wasn't working.
And I wasn't sure if
it was in the background
element in, in the image
itself, if it was the
background image on the, the
header. So I hovered around
until I found out that
it was in fact the
main image, and then I
put it in the
PNG transparency fixed, and then
just went into preview and
then hit refresh all and
then it, and then it
looked fine. And I knew
that I looked okay and,
and I six. So for
stuff like that, I mean,
for fixing six problems, it
was, it was, it's really
the only game in town
for me. But I was
thinking there's a couple of
different ways I could have
done this. Cause I'm using
windows seven. I could have
like maybe brought up a
VM cause I've got windows,
XP mode. I mean, there's
really three things that you
could do, right? You could
use a screenshot service, like
online browser shots or whatever
go online. And they would
give me a picture of
how it looks, I could
use a virtual machine or
I could use something like
super preview. So why wouldn't
I want to just fire
up virtual machines with copies
of XP, with  and
then I don't have to
pay for super preview. Well,
that's right. And, and certainly
using VMs is something that
we all do, you know,
almost on a daily basis
to figure out those, those
different version problems. So that,
that you can certainly do.
I think what what super
preview provides is, is what
you saw and talked about
in terms of being able
to highlight the elements B
being able to see the,
the SA the browser images
side by side, and to
be able to actually compare
at a pixel perfect positioning
where each element exists. It's
something that, and, and, and
in addition, the, the responsiveness
that you talked about, how
quickly we're able to render
the images and show you
that response, you know, when
you're debugging something, the ability
to make a change and
quickly see how that change
has impacted your, your web
design is really important. And
so this is, these are,
these are the values that
super preview brings is that
you can go quickly make
a change, refresh, super preview
and see instantly how that
changes reflected both in your
original browser, whether it be
. And then in the
comparison browser, I six in
this case. So it's, it's
really about improving performance and
being able to more quickly
identify and then fix cross-browser
problems that, that really makes
it an advantage over the
VM model or the snapshot
services, which typically don't provide
you that Dom analysis and
the pixel level positioning of
the elements. Yeah. I noticed
that I can pull just
like in Photoshop, I can
pull away from the ruler
and I can pull out
left and right. Guides and
they'll actually track both browsers.
So I'm changing, I'm pulling
out a guide for one
browser and there's an identical
mirror guide on the other
side. That's right. That's right.
And that's a, that's a
tool that is familiar to
a lot of folks that
do a web design and
development. Yeah. Well, actually in
speaking of design, one of
the things that was surprising
to me was I, if
I close the left side
here and I have a
choice, I says I six,
seven, eight, and compatibility mode,
eight regular Firefox, and I
have 3.6 0.8, it says
Safari Mac. And then at
the bottom here, it says
open Photoshop document or image
That's right. So, so again,
many folks will start off
with a design that was,
or a comp that was
created by a peer design
person in Photoshop. And a
lot of times they're trying
to make their website match
as closely as possible to
that cop. And so being
able to open the comp
and being able to compare
that comp side by side
with the actual rendered webpage
in the browser again, is
a, is a really handy
thing for people that are
using CRE creating real world
read websites that started off
by somebody in the design
world that would use a
tool like Photoshop. In addition,
you can also open up
any, any standard type of
image to compare the webpage
rendering to an image. How
important do you think the
pixel perfect is? Because, and
I remember hating designers in
that room in the late
nineties, who would tell me
that, you know, everything was
fine except the shopping cart
icons and, you know, pixel
too far to the left.
Is that what we want
to do? We really want
to get people thinking about
things in terms of pixel.
Perfect. I, I do think
it's, it's a slippery slope
and I, what, what a
tool like super preview is,
is most valuable for our,
for the pages that have
some, you know, really serious
rendering difference where, where it
actually makes information not be
readable on a page. And
so a lot of times
that might just be a
simple tweak to a, an
outer container element or some,
some part of the structural
layout that, that a tool
like super preview can really
help you find quickly. And,
you know, and, and, you
know, really get that problem
resolved, you know, w without
too much effort, because you
can, you know, most of
the problem is around identifying
the root of the root
cause of the, of the
layout issue. But I, I
agree with you, you know,
it, it can, it can
be a slippery slope to,
to start trying to get
pixel perfect accuracy on these
designs. And I, I don't
think that's the real high
value for super preview. I
really think it's to make
sure that the website or
the web design is readable
and all the information is
presentable so that, you know,
you don't, you don't miss
a huge part of your
target audience because they happened
to be running a high
six. Hi, this is Scott.
I just want to remind
you guys that there is
no show without a sponsor.
Somebody has got to pay
for all this bandwidth and
the more popular the show
becomes, the more important it
is that we thank our
sponsors folks. Like Tellerik, I
wanna let you guys know
that Tellerik has got a
pretty cool deal going between
June 1st, 2010 and August 31st, 2010, any interested
listener, just send an email
to podcast@telleriktlerik.com mentioned Hansel minutes,
and they will reply, and
they'll give you a special
$50 off coupon code. So
just remember podcast at
dot com mentioned Hansel minutes,
$50 off. It goes until
August 31st, 2010, and big thanks again
for the folks at Tellerik
for believing in our show
and for continuing to help
pay for our expenses. So
it looks like I'm hovering
over a one of my
images here. It turns out
that recently, I think yesterday
I posted something where my,
one of my images was
too wide and it shoved
my, my right rail all
the way down. So I
figured out what my
issue is while you were
talking, I'm going to close
IAE, and then I'm going
to pick Safari, and it
says remote browser beta. And
then it has a little
kind of icon indicating something's
going to happen far away.
Yup. Yeah, that's a new
feature that we're really excited
about the way, the way
the IE browsers and the
Firefox browser works in super
preview is we actually communicate
with the real browser on
your machine to produce an
image, get the Dom and
display that in super preview,
obviously, to get a rendering
on Safari, we, we could
have, we could have done
the same thing with Safari
on a PC, but what
we found is that most
people were interested in how
does my website look on
a Mac? And so to,
to implement that, what we
did was actually, we created
a server farm with a
bunch of Mac servers up
in the cloud. And those
servers respond to requests from
super preview. And we'll render,
we'll render either a public
URI, like you're trying to
hanselman.com, or if you're developing
a page locally, it will
actually bundle up all of
the files required for, to
render that page, send that
up to the server, the
Mac or Mac servers, and
the farm will render it
using Safari for, and we'll
send back the domino and
the picture. And you can,
you can view that in
super preview side by side,
with any of the IES
or Firefox browsers that you've
got locally. Okay. So you're
saying I can actually go
local host 80, 80, and
hit refresh. And it's just
going to be as if
it's, it's just not seamless.
I'm not going to know
any, No on local files.
You will need to actually
use the file colon slash
slash URL to that. That'll,
that'll tell the super preview
to, to go ahead and
bundle up all those, all
those related files and send
it up. If you give
it any sort of HTTP
URL, it will, it will
actually go in and just
send that URL to the
server and that will get
rendered. So if it's a,
if it's a local file,
you want to preview, you
need to, you need to
open it within super preview
with the file URL. Okay.
Yeah. That would be a
cool feature though. If I
could do that, if you
could bring it down, That
would be, that would be
that that's something we should
definitely get added to our,
to our product studio list
for, for next release or,
or service packs. So I'm
looking at this and it's,
it's, it's creepy. Cause it
looks like a Mac it's
got like my inline scroll
bars have the little Mac
Chrome, sorry. I know it's
a Mac. I can see
places where I had eye
frames and different things where
it's, this is unquestionably Mac
and it has that Mac
font style. And I can,
it looks like I can
zoom in. Yeah. It's definitely
a Mac I can tell
by the fonts and it's
just ever so subtle. It
actually looks okay. So it
looks like I look all
right on the Mac. Now
I was, I was poking
around and by poking around,
I was trying to take
those apart and figure out
how it works. So I
hope you don't mind. I
noticed that if you go
to the help menu and
you say feedback, you say,
create feedback or send feedback,
and then you say, create
attachment. You make a zip
file and you stick it
somewhere. And it says the
expression web team wants customer
feedback. Okay. And then you
have a path to the
zip file. So I actually
opened that zip file up,
cause this is the file
you're about to send to
the team. And I started
poking around in here, and
this is really interesting, cause
this is kind of where,
where it all happens. I'm
looking in this zip file
and it says browser
browser, IAA, remote browser. And
within them is this Dom
XML and then an image
and then a bunch of
settings. So you have a
serialized version of the Dom
and you're actually putting X,
Y coordinates, basically saying, this
element is here on this
browser. That's right. How are
you, how are you talking
to each browser? Cause every
browser has a different way
for you to potentially get
this information. That's right. That's
right. So, so what we
do is we, we use
the publicly available APIs for
the browsers. So for example,
I, he exposes numerous comm
API APIs that allow us
to ask the browser to
do things for us, like
render an image of a
or to navigate to our
URI. We can also say,
okay, once you've navigated doing
it, URI gives me access
to the documents and basically
go through each node and
the document and ask it
for interesting information that would
help you to provide information
that would help debug rendering
problems. So, so in the,
in the, in the examples
that we have now, whether
it be Firefox IE or
Safari, we are using the
API APIs into those browsers
that give us the ability
to ask it, you know,
tell us, give us the
top level dominoed and then
we just basically iterate through
all the children and stuff
into an XML document and
send it back, send it
back to the desktop. So
when I click on Firefox
here and I've got Firefox
and Safari side by side,
you're communicating with my local
version of Firefox. Am I
going to see Firefox? I
opened the task manager. You
will not see Firefox when
you open the task manager.
We, we actually, when you,
with Firefox, we actually launch
a separate process that allows
us to go ahead and
engage with the Firefox API
APIs. And we only have
that running for the period
of the time that you
are actually rendering. So if
you, if you were to
start up your task manager
and you happen to catch
it just in the right
spot, you might see something
that's called a pips pips
study XC, right? It's a
pipe server. And so we,
we, we start up the
server that actually do the
rendering. So we can allow
the UI to continue to
be responsive while the browser
is rendering in the background
or in a separate process.
And we send it a
command, tell it to render
this page or render this
file. And, and then when
it completes it, shuts it
down, sends back the information
through the pipe and, and
then we display it in
the UI. So like I
said, if you, if you
want to see the, the
thing that's actually talking to
the, the Firefox libraries, it
would be that, that pipe
server that we, that we
start up and shut down
after the, after the renderings.
So what I'm doing, because
I just built a new
computer is I've added everything.
So I've got one, two,
three, four, five, six different,
I've got Firefox.  Safari
for, I ate in compatibility
mode. I hit refresh and
I see expression web preview
pipe server one, two, three,
four, five, and then super
preview. And this is why
it's so fast. I'm realizing
on my machine. Cause I've
got a six processor machine.
A lot of people have
quads and you're firing off
different, different processes. So this
is a nice use of
a multiprocessor you're getting for
free because you're using out
a process for this, for
this work. That's right. That's
pretty slick. Okay. So that's
how you're talking to Firefox
and Safari and using public
APIs. I use Chrome a
lot where's Chrome. And if
I were going to plug
in what I just you'll
have to create a pipe
server that will talk to
Chrome and then use publicly
available APIs to pull that
information out of Chrome. That's
right. That's right. So Chrome
is one thing that we
currently don't support. And the
reason for that at the
moment is, is Chrome. Unlike
Firefox and unlike IAE. And
unlike Safari does not have
a public API from which
you can control or get
information out of the browser.
Now it is based on
the same rendering engine as
a Safari, but again, they
don't, they don't provide the
external API APIs to actually
drive the browser and get
Dom information out of it.
So we're currently in the
process of figuring out a
different way to, to provide
the rendering support for Chrome.
And once we do, we
we're sure to, to make
that available to super preview
and, and make a leverage
of the, the current cloud
environment that we've created for
the Safari data generator to
get that out as soon
as we can to our
customers. Oh, okay. So you're
going to be able to
get newer brows now that
you've got the remote infrastructure,
you could put browsers out
and I wouldn't need to
even install them. That's right.
That's right. So that, that
was, that was why the
adding the Safari support was
a big step for us
because that basically opened, it
opened up the portal to
allow us to now in
between releases of expression studio,
we can have the flexibility
and the ability to, to
add new browser support in
the cloud before we have
a chance to actually update
the client. So, so for
people that are currently using
super preview or interested in
using super preview, but we
don't currently have the browser
that you're looking for, stay
tuned because we're going to
continue to work on that
and, and, and, and increase
our, our, our offering of
browsers in the cloud. Am
I going to see those
browsers just kind of pop
in like one day I'll
open, super preview and there'll
be another browser there. That's
right. We have a, what
we call the discovery service,
which allows the super preview
client to make a web
service call to a service
that's running in Azure Microsoft's
cloud computing environment. And that
will return back to the
desktop, all of the available
endpoints, which are the active
browsers that we currently support.
So as they come online,
you'll see them in that
remote browser section of this
super preview application. That's really
interesting because that implies then
that super previews brains, that
the thing that I think
of as super preview the
desktop application, which is all
kind of pretty and has
that nice black designer turtleneck
kind of a thing that
designed is really just a
shell and the smarts are
in, could be in the
cloud. That's right. That's right.
So, so we, we have
support for your local browsers,
but, but we've, we've built
in the infrastructure to basically
allow us to expand that
set as new browsers come
online, whether they be Microsoft
browsers or Mozilla browsers or
Apple browsers or Google browsers,
we can, we can add
to those that collection as,
and, and release updates to
that in a, in a
much more web style. As,
as, as these things come
available, we can, we can
ship them and make them
an increase, actually increase the
functionality of a desktop app
by, by continuing to support
more and more browsers. W
will you, do you support
multiple versions of Firefox? I
mean, how, how detailed can
you get? Because one of
the things that these online
services that send you a
screenshot will do is they'll
just give you just an
obscene number of browsers. You
know, you want to see
what your site looks like
on links. We'll send you
a screenshot, you know, it's,
it's simplistic, but they make
up for it in volume.
Right. Do you think, are
you guys going towards the
volume play? Are you going
to go for the top
90% of browsers or the
95%? Yeah. Our, our goal
has really been to, to
stay relevant and to basically
keep tabs on the market
and provide access to the
most commonly used browsers. And
if you look at most
browser studies, the, in terms
of, in terms of desktop
browsers, they basically all, they
basically a collection of, let's
say five to eight of
them that represent, you know,
somewhere around 90% of the
market. And so our, our
goal was to really keep
up to, up to date
on the most broadly used
browsers and make sure that
we've got those covered and
make sure that we've got,
you know, advanced techniques like
the Dom highlighting to make
sure that within the browsers
that are most commonly used
around the world, that we've
got great support for those.
So one of the things
that super preview doesn't seem
to have is, is interactivity.
I can't navigate click around.
JavaScript's not firing in the
sense of like hovers and
things like that. Is that
something that people that, that
you think you'd add? Cause
I've noticed a couple of
things from some JavaScript and
some jQuery animations that I
expected to run didn't because
I'm looking at a screenshot.
Right, right. And that's, that's
definitely something that's on our
radar. We, we realized that
most pages today are not
just static pages and most
pages today either we'll have
animations that happen on load
or on some sort of
inner user interaction. And so
we're, we're now in the
phases of planning our next
release and thinking about where
we need to go to,
to really, you know, continue
to, to provide value and
to continue to help people
give them the experience they
need to debug the situations
that they most encounter. And,
and those are the obvious
next directions for us. So
we're, we're, we're, we're right
in the process of discussing
those things. And those are,
those are things that we're,
we're, we're taking a good
look at it and trying
to figure out the way
of best supporting them to,
to make, to make the
application, to continue to make
the application helpful and usable.
Cause they're, they're, they're not,
they're not trivial things to
think about. So we want
to make sure that we
allow people to do those
sorts of debugging techniques and
in a, in a way
that is easy to use
and, and helps them to,
to debug quickly, like the
candidate was super preview on
stuff. Yeah. Well, once you
open the flood Gates and
allow someone to do, you
know, a mouse over, then
they're going to want this
and they wouldn't want that.
I mean, I'm going to
want, are you going to
give me like a complete
Mac in the sky? And
it's going to be all
dynamic and stuff. It could
potentially, if you did it
wrong, you could make people
more angry than you then
than happy. That's right. And
in addition to completely overload
our servers with, you know,
lots of, lots of stuff
that, you know, would, would
cause things to come crashing
down. So yeah, you've got
to be, be careful to
sort of approach it smartly
and to, to really try
to figure out what are
the, what are the scenarios
that most people are, are,
are in need of, and,
and really, you know, try
to try to hit those
big, those big ticket items.
It looks like we've got,
I'm just looking here. Microsoft
has internet Explorer, compatibility VMs,
which are basically free versions
of XP. And they basically
refresh it every six months.
So here, they've got versions
of six, seven, and eight
that you can download, but
they expire on October. Presumably
then you can come back
later and you know, every
90 days you go and
get a fresh VM. So
they're doing the work of
that for you. So for
some kind of interactions you
can use use virtual machines.
Sure. Yep. That's right. What,
what did you write super
preview in? It's extremely fast
and it looks a lot
like blend. It's got that.
Like I said, that turtleneck
kind of black thing that
we know about as blend
UI, We, we, we definitely
wanted to fit in with
the look and the feel
of all the expression tools.
And so, so expression, super
preview was written using managed
code. C-sharp WPF to do
the UI, to do the
remote pieces. We use WCF
and we, we approach things
using a rest rest style
web services. When we actually
have to talk to the
browsers, we do have to
do some native code. So
for example, that the API
is that the Firefox application
exposes are things that we
need to talk to using
C plus, plus the Safari
talking to max Afari. We,
we to write that layer
using objective C and that
runs natively on the Mac,
but, but the bulk of
the, the UI and the,
and the application that you
interact with, that's, that's all
using a managed code. That's.
And even though I'm a
manager, I'm a managed code
guy. You'll forgive me. If
I'm a little surprised it's,
it's extremely fast and, you
know, manage code gets a
kind of a rap sometimes
for being slow. Particularly the
UI side, this is in
WPF. Cause it's really, all
the fonts are clear. There's
no blurriness, I'm doing resizing
and moving stuff around and
I'm clicking around really fast
and the toolbar and it
sucks. It's extremely quick. Did
you have to do anything
special to make that a
story? Nope. Just, just use
the good, good WPF standard
WPF set programming techniques and,
and that's it. In fact,
the direction for all the
expression products is that BPS
and C-sharp. So if you've
used blend before, or you've
used expression web before those
are all using managed code
using C-sharp. So all of
it all, I mean, everything
we all the entire suppression
suite is in managed code.
The exception of there's there's
parts of the core of
web, which is, which is
actually a fairly old product
that dates back to the
front page days. But, but
encoder blend, super preview, and
then parts of web are
all written in C sharp.
Do you, do you end
Janet? Do you do a
native generation after installation to
make it faster or does
it, do you just let
it chit by itself? It's
just straight up, straight up
strips, you know, I know
I'm like, I'm like what
really? And you're like, yeah,
it's really not a big
deal. No, I mean, I
mean, I'm being totally straight.
I mean, I've sometimes you'll
use an application and they'll
throw a splash screen up
or they'll do something. And
in the background you can
see engine struggling to keep
up, but that's really impressive
that this is in WPF.
Yeah. Yeah. We're, we're, we're
definitely eating our own dog
food within the expression product
development group. Oh, that's cool.
That's cool. You guys should
spread the word about some
of the techniques. If there's,
if there's specific techniques you're
doing to make things faster
or different libraries for a
tech, do you know if
there's something that's not completely
obvious? We should, we should
spread the word because it's
nice to see that you
can make a good looking
application that really looks like
any other app and it's
written in WPF. That's cool.
Yup. Yup. That's a, that's
a great idea. We should
definitely help spread the word
about C-sharp and WPS and
I can make great looking
performance, desktop apps for them.
Well, maybe we'll do a
followup show and we'll talk
specifically about WPF. Maybe we'll
get Pete Brown on and
talk about some of the
things that you've enjoyed and
not enjoy about the DPF
itself. That's a great idea.
All right. Well, fantastic. Thanks
so much for coming on
and talking about The expression
Supreme. Appreciate it. God, thanks
for your time. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes and we'll see you
again next week.